Superman famous no-kill rule shouldn't
apply to Zack Snyder's version of the
character
that's according to Man of Steel
screenwriter David Goyer who is
defending Supes decision to major
spoiler alert if you haven't seen a Man
of Steel yet - well kill Zod
traditionally it is against Supes
moral code to kill which has been a big
critique of Superman fans but Goyer says
that he disagrees with his fellow comic
book writers and fans telling Digital
Spy quote I just don't believe in rules
like that I believe when you're writing
film or television you can't rely on a
crutch or rule that exists outside of
the narrative of the film Boyer said
that the creative team knew in advance
that having Superman kills odd was going
to cause a fuss among fans but they
really wanted to put the character in an
impossible situation to be forced with
making an impossible choice he
elaborated further saying that Zod
wasn't the type of villain that you
could lock in a prison on earth and in
Man of Steel Superman can't fly to the
moon and put him there
but also putting Superman in a position
where he had to make the decision to
murder someone is something that will
remain on his conscience and it will be
something that Superman will have to
deal with in future films so Gauri is
saying that their decision will actually
add to Superman's story down the road
right now warrior is busy writing the
script for the upcoming Batman Superman
movie and when he was asked if he was
also working on Justice Ling as well he
said quote my baby can't say it's very
interesting so if you haven't seen made
of steel yet sorry if I spoiled anything
for you but you will all be able to get
it on a blu-ray DVD or digitally on
November 12th but those of us who have
seen it what do you think about Superman
not going by the no-kill rule are you on
the side of the comics or on warrior
side sound off below and make sure
you're also connecting with us on
Facebook and Twitter and clemmer movies
as well from our clever headquarters in
Hollywood I'm Erin white and I'll see
you soon